docs: distribute the ops-scenario README content across the ops docs (#1773)
canonical/operator: docs/howto/manage-secrets.md

revisions of the content, simply don't include them: the unit has no way of
knowing about these.

In your charm tests, specify the access that units have been granted to the
secret. There are three cases:

- the secret is owned by this app but not this unit, in which case this charm
  can only manage it if we are the leader
- the secret is owned by this unit, in which case this charm can always manage
  it (leader or not)
- (default) the secret is not owned by this app nor unit, which means we can't
  manage it but only view it (this includes user secrets)

Thus by default, the secret is not owned by **this charm**, but, implicitly, by
some unknown 'other charm' (or a user), and that other has granted us view
rights.

```{note}
If this charm does not own the secret, but also it was not granted view rights
by the (remote) owner, you model this by _not adding it to State.secrets_! The
presence of a `Secret` in `State.secrets` means, in other words, that the
charm has view rights (otherwise, why would we put it there?). If the charm owns
the secret, or is leader, it will _also_ have manage rights on top of view ones.
```

To specify a secret owned by this unit (or app):

```python

> rel = testing.Relation("web")
> state_in = testing.State(
>     secrets={
>         testing.Secret(
>             {'key': 'private'},
>             owner='unit',  # or 'app'
>             # The secret owner has granted access to the "remote" app over some relation:
>             remote_grants={rel.id: {"remote"}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rel = testing.Relation('web')
state_in = testing.State(
    secrets={
        testing.Secret(
            {'key': 'private'},
            owner='unit',  # or 'app'
            # The secret owner has granted access to the "remote" app over some relation:
            remote_grants={rel.id: {'remote'}}
```

        )
    }
)
```

When handling the `secret-expired` and `secret-remove` events, the charm must
remove the specified revision of the secret. For `secret-remove`, the revision
will no longer be in the `State`, because it's no longer in use (which is why
the `secret-remove` event was triggered). To ensure that the charm is removing
the secret, check the context for the history of secret removal:

```python
class SecretCharm(ops.CharmBase):
    def __init__(self, framework: ops.Framework):
        super().__init__(framework)
        framework.observe(self.on.secret_remove, self._on_secret_remove)

    def _on_secret_remove(self, event: ops.SecretRemoveEvent):
        event.remove_revision()

ctx = testing.Context(SecretCharm)

> secret = testing.Secret({"password": "xxxxxxxx"}, owner="app")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secret = testing.Secret({'password': 'xxxxxxxx'}, owner='app')
```
